{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036\deflangfe1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\li284\cf1\b\f0\fs14\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\fs24\lang2057 WD Controlling LibreOffice\par
\par
\b0\fs20 This example shows how to control some LibreOffice functionalities.\par
\par
You can create, open and manipulate Writer documents and Calc spreadsheets in LibreOffice from a WINDEV application.\par
\par
You can set the cursor and move in a text document, read, edit and save content...\par
You can also send emails to multiple recipients using the data files described in the HFSQL analysis.\par
\par
In spreadsheets, you can move between spreadsheets, select cells, read and edit their content, etc.\par
\par
Many other features are available, such as the ability to change the font properties, insert images or replace preset values.\par
\par
In this example, you will also discover how to mange a LibreOffice database.\par
\par
This example provides easy-to-use classes.\par
\par
\par
\lang1036 ( ________________________________ \'b0 _________________________________ )\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\ul\fs14\lang2057 Conditions of Use.\par
\ulnone This program is supplied for training purposes.\par
The use of this program is the responsibility of the user. \par
PC SOFT will not be liable for damage or loss of any nature whatsoever, including data loss, corruption or deterioration as a result of using this program.\par
Any person owning a WINDEV 28 US license is authorized to use and/or modify the program and to use it in their own applications. \par
In this case all references to PC SOFT and/or to WinDev or WebDev must be removed.\par
You may not distribute or sell this example program without substantial modification or include it in another application unless the application is very large.\par
\par
No Hot Line Support is available for this program.\par
\par
CAUTION: Many users may have modified this program.  \par
Make sure that you are working with the original version of this program.\cf0\fs16\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\fs20\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li284\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
}
